---
layout: post
title:  "01.04.2018 A Weekend Away"
image: ''
date:   2018-01-14 00:00:01
tags:
- blog
- personal
description: '2018 MLK Weekend'
categories:
- Personal Updates
- Skiing
---

## Taking Time Off

Vacations are underrated. Especially group trips. This weekend a group of 12 friends took to the not-so-snowy hills of Tahoe for a ski trip. For those that have done these types of large group trips (not just with a significant other), they usually turn out to be a fantastic time. A few notes and thoughts on this topic.

#### Why are they so good?

When I think about my friend circle (even just a count of number of friends), I can't help but remember the decline since college. As friends graduate, move to other cities, states, and even countries, keeping up (let alone hanging out in person) is oen of biggest challenges. Facebook? Snapchat? Instagram? Social media now serves me more ads about cooking recipes, clickbait, random videos than it does actually provide me context into friends' lives - and even then, the asyncronous nature of these platforms can only be utilized as a rather infrequent checkin on major events. 

Circling back to group trips - one good weekend allows for friends to catch up and hang out, and not feel pressed for time. When done right, folks go back home having gained back a few friends (or at least now have closer friendships). 

#### Recipe and obstacles

Planning a trip for 10+ people is hard. Think about the difficulty of trying to schedule a cross team meeting for work. Now multiply that by 3. 

1) Timing. Everyone meet at my place at 2PM so we can leave by 3. If real life kept to schedules like Japanese trains, I feel like the GDP of the world could double! Maybe... Plan for an extra cushion of time. We didn't leave until 4PM, and even then we had to change the plan of all meeting up before leaving together; instead, folks went independently towards Tahoe.

2) Food. One cool aspect of a large group is cooking together. One downside is planning for 12 people across 5 meals. I recommend Google Sheets and Costco. However, if the group (for whatever reason) desires red solo cups, Costco is not the place to go, as their smallest size is a 240 pack. Yes...we have 200 extra cups.

3) Scheduling. Don't pack the schedule for everyone. I repeat...don't pack the schedule. We set aside one full day for skiing and left the other day for independent activites for folks to relax and do what they wanted. 

And that's it. Rest and enjoy.



