---
layout: post
title:  "01.01.2018 New Year Outline and Roadmap"
image: ''
date:   2018-01-01 00:00:01
tags:
- blog
- personal
description: '2018 New Year'
categories:
- Personal Updates
---

## 2018, new year, new updates

Goals:

+ Blogging more
+ Personal goals
+ Learning

### Blogging more:

I am looking forward to keeping to a strict schedule of weekly blogging - regardless of how short they are, or the topic. I try to read and consume during my downtime - so even a review or analysis of my Pocket articles would suffice. However, every so often, I would like to do a deeper dive (hopefully with data) on a topic tangential to technology and startups. 

Of course, by keeping to a weekly cadence, I am also able to keep myself to my other 2018 goals!

### Personal goals

These can be broken down into two aspects - Inter and Intra personal. 

#### Intra-goals:

+ Fitness and health - As someone that spend the majority of his day in a chair, this is an important goal - one that I have failed to really move on since college (where practice was 2 hours every day). Specifically for 2018, I am setting a goal of getting to the gym at least twice a week (to play squash or general exercise), and at least one game of basketball a week. 

+ Device-addiction - like many of my peers, I am fairly chained to my devices (laptop and phone especially). For 2018, I would like to focus on my phone, and work to reduce the dependence on the dopamine dump for my screen lighting up. To help that cause, I am going to try the Moment app - I will update on my progres weekly (as well as ideas that I've implemented separately)

+ TV (show) binging - As Netflix heralded in the "binging" phenomenon (or at least brought it to the masses), I can't deny that I also dedicate many hours per week to watching Youtube or TV shows. With only so many free hours a day, wasting hours on end is just not great from an ROI perspective. I would like to cap my weekly consumption of video at 10 hours. This is limited to what I watch at home (not including theater time). Also, this does not include the times where I will put the TV on for background noise. 

#### Inter-goals

+ Friends - With everyone graduated and moving to their professional careers, the ability to hangout on a whim is decreased exponentially. Travel time, organizing events - this all requires effort and planning. For 2018, I would like to work to keep my friends closer and more up to date with *synchronous* communication (as opposed to Async on social media). This could be as simple as a few text messages all the way to a get together to play board games.

+ Family - This is an important one, and should be for everyone. For 2018, I will set aside time (to be regimented) of at least a call or text every week. Given that I drive a fair amount for work, I am looking forward to being able to do this.

### Learning

Working at Udacity, I should come to embrace (even more so now) the mantra of life-long learning. I had a goal of reading at least a book every month in 2017. I started out strong, but quickly faded after a couple months. This year, I will try to repeat that goal, but with an additional caveat - at least one *non-fiction* book every month. 

I would also like to re-instate the goal of reading an educational paper - this can be broad (how a specific technology works, history, etc.). This goal was most likely met for last year given the amount of materials that I normally consume, but I will try to be more diligent in measuring this for 2018.

### Here we go, 2018

And that's it for now - I'm extremely excited for what 2018 has to offer, and am looking forward to sharing.

Sunny
